Query Cache: Reject queries with non-deterministic functions by default (#54801)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/query-cache.md

- functions which depend on the environment: [`currentUser()`](../sql-reference/functions/other-functions.md#currentUser),
  [`queryID()`](../sql-reference/functions/other-functions.md#queryID),
  [`getMacro()`](../sql-reference/functions/other-functions.md#getMacro) etc.

> To force caching of results of queries with non-deterministic functionsregardless, using setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To force caching of results of queries with non-deterministic functions regardless, use setting
```
